desarrollar desarrollar
desarrollo desarrollar
desarrolla desarrollar
desarrollado desarrollar
permita permitir
permite permitir
permitan permitir
puedan poder
podran poder
podra poder
creacion crear
crea crear
busca buscar
consulta consultar
gestion gestionar
soluciones solucionar
consultas consultar
dialogos dialogar
investigacion investigar
control controlar
deberian deber
debemos deber
deberan deber
deberia deber
deban deber
consiste consistir
implementacion implementar
propuestas proponer
cambio cambiar
generan generar
impacto impactar
manejo manejar
tendra tener
automatizacion automatizar
den dar
despliegue desplegar
ejecucion ejecutar
esten estar
evaluacion evaluar
evita evitar
generacion generar
genere generar
generen generar
hagan hacer
innovador innovar
innovacion innovar
intercambio intercambiar
liberacion liberar
mejor mejorar
mejores mejorar
participacion participar
requerimientos requerir
seguimiento seguir
seguiran seguir
solicitudes solicitar
tramite tramitar
tramites tramitar
acceso acceder
administrativa administrar
aprovechando aprovechar
avances avanzar
conexion conectar
considero considerar
dara dar
declaraciones declarar
depende depender
destruyen destruir
eleccion elegir
eliminan eliminar
encuentran encontrar
enfoca enfocar
entenderse entenderg
establece establecer
evitando evitar
facil facilitar
facilidad facilitar
funcionamiento funcionar
funcionando funcionar
gasta gastar
gestiona gestionar
hacerse hacer
imagina imaginar
integracion integrar
permiten permitir
permitiendo permitir
permitiria permitir
prohibe prohibir
promoviendo promover
promueve promover
propone proponer
queda quedar
quedan quedar
quedando quedar
quedaria quedar
quiera querer
realice realizar
realizacion realizar
reparticion repartir
reservas reservar
resocializacion socializar
solucion solucionar
tendran tener
terminados terminar
tolerancia tolerar
transferencia transferir
verifique verificar
valoracion valorar
vigilancia vigilar
acabara acabar
actuales actualizar
administracion administrar
administraciones administrar
administradores administrar
administrativas administrar
administrativo administrar
administrativos administrar
afecte afectar
agil agilizar
agilizacion agilizar
alcance alcanzar
alcanzan alcanzar
almacenamiento almacenar
analistas analizar
analizariamos analizar
aplicables aplicar
aplicaciones aplicar
aplicado aplicar
aplicativo aplicar
aportan aportar
apoyados apoyar
apoyan apoyar
apoyarlos apoyar
apoyo apoyar
aprendizaje aprender
aprendo aprender
apropien apropiar
aprovechamiento aprovechar
aproximada aproximar
articularse articular
asegurarse asegurar
asesoria asesorar
asignado asignar
asistencial asistir
asistenciales asistir
asistente asistir
asistente asistir
aspirante aspirar
atentan atentar
atrasa atraer
aumenta aumentar
aumentan aumentar
aumenten aumentar
busqueda buscar
calificacion calificar
calificadas calificar
cancelacion cancelar
capacitacion capacitar
capacitadas capacitar
centraliza centralizar
centralizacion centralizar
certificado certificar
centrificacion certificar
certificados certificar
cobra cobrar
cobran cobrar
cobrara cobrar
comparados comparar
comparten compartir
comprometido comprometer
compromisos comprometer
comunicara comunicar
conformado conformar
conlleva conllevar
consideran considerar
considere considerar
construyendo construir
contaron contar
controla controlar
controles controlar
controlado controlar
convertiria convertir
convertirlas convertir
convertirse convertir
convierten convertir
convierte convertir
convirtiendo convertir
cooperacion cooperar
coordinacion coordinar
coordinados coordinar
correctivos corregir
correspondera corresponder
creadores crear
creando crear
creen creer
cuestionamiento cuestionar
cuestionamientos cuestionar
daria dar
darles dar
deberiamos deber
debera deber
decidiesen decidir
decisiones decidir
declaracion declarar
declaren declarar
defina definir
definicion definir
definiendo definir
definitivo definir
dejaria dejar
deje dejar
demanden demandar
desarrolladores desarrollar
desarrollara desarrollar
desarrollas desarrollar
desarrolle desarrollar
descentralizacion descentralizar
descentralizadas descentralizar
desplegable desplegar
desvinularse desvincular
devenguen devengar
digitalizacion digitalizar
digitalizados digitalizar
digitalizaciones digitalizar
diligencia diligenciar
diligencias diligenciar
disenado disenar
disenador disenar
disminuye disminuir
diminuyendo disminuir
diversificacion diversificar
educadores educar
educativas educar
educativo educar
ejecutan ejecutar
ejecutados ejecutar
ejecuta ejecutar
eliminacion eliminar
encargaria encargar
encargue encargar
entendamos entender
entendido entender
entrega entregar
escuchamos escuchar
especialista especializar
especializada especializar
especializarse especializar
espera esperar
esperando esperar
establecen establecer
establecerse establecer
experimentacion experimentar
exploracion explorar
exponemos exponer
exposicion exponer
expusieran exponer
facilita facilitar
facilitando facilitar
favorece favorecer
favorable favorecer
favorecen favorecer
fomenta fomentar
fomento fomentar
funcionales funcionar
funcionan funcionar
fusion fusionar
fusiona fusionar
fusionarlos fusionar
garantice garantizar
garanticen garantizar
garantizan garantizar
gastan gastar
gastando gastar
garantice garantizar
garanticen garantizar
garantizan garantizar
genera generar
generando generar
generada generar
hara hacer
haga hacer
hariamos hacer
harian hacer
impactan impactar
impida impedir
implicar implicar
impulse impulsar
impulso impulsar
incluya incluir
incluyan incluir
incremento incrementar
innovadoras innovar
innovacion innovar
integral integrar
interprete interpretar
intervenciones intervenir
introduzca introducir
investigaciones investigar
investigadores investigar
involucrarse involucrar
involucren involucrar
labor laborar
laboral laborar
labores laborar
mide medir
mido meidr
motivo motivar
necesaria necesitar
necesarias necesitar
necesito necesitar
observen observar
obtencion obtener
obtendria obtener
obtenerlas obtener
obtenidos obtener
ofrecen ofrecer
ofrecida ofrecer
ofrecidos ofrecer
organizada organizar
participado participar
participan participar
participativa participar
participativo participar
participativas participar
participen participar
pertenencia pertenecer
piden pedir
planeacion planear
practica practicar
prefieren preferir
presentando presentar
prestan prestar
prioridades priorizar
prioritarias priorizar
priorizarian priorizar
producido producir
productividad producir
producto producir
productores producir
productos producir
profundas profundizar
promueva promover
propongo promover
propuestos promover
publican publicar
queja quejar
quejan quejar
quejas quejar
queres querer
quieres querer
reclama reclamar
reclamacion reclamar
reclamarla reclamar
recomendaciones recomendar
reduciendo reducir
reemplazarlo reemplazar
reemplazo reemplazar
relacion relacionar
relacionadas relacionar
relacionados relacionar
relaciones relacionar
requiere requerir
requieren requerir
responda responder
responde responder
resuelvan resolver
reuna reunir
tramitarlas tramitar
tramite tramitar
utilizacion utilizar
utilizandola utilizar
utilizarse utilizar
vinculacion vincular
visibilidad visualizar


